we couldn't find any apartment/household goods relating to your search? want to be notified when something comes up?

how does stack overflow results pop up on google search? if someone googles "apartments in ikeja", results from corpers.online should pop up

hmm, AI as they type ? then Places suggestions as they type ?!!!!!!!!!?!??????????????????

Add video capabilities, make use of the picture tag, and lazy loading... c'mon

we still have search and places... jeez

use holder.js with statecode or map of the state the person is from or a crazy pic like that for lazy loading before the actual pic/avatar of the person loads

can we make this better... find a way to get swift user feed back...and suggestions... ask them what they want
Aside from your PPA, and other relevant places NYSC hangouts (think NYSC Offices, LGA Offices etc.). Get to know the town and other eats outs recommended by other corpers. this would mean that by extension, corpers would recommend alot of things for other corpers --eatouts, hangouts and other things and PLACES too.

ask corpers how much their PPAs pay them, if they do at all, it'll help other corpers know how much to expect from their PPAs and plan and it'll help us too to know how to better target high earning corpers... and make other deductions... like advise them to save and stuff. partner with adron homes to see if they can buy a land and acquire properties while serving... and in turn sell this 'property acquiring service' to the general public. more meaningful partnerships can be made.

in update profile section or page, // ask if they want an accommodation and where would they want it to be


don't move to the next slide until the current form is filled.

############# refactor account.ejs so that all re-occuring code is written just once


corpers should be able to mark or select accommodations to compare with later ...make savings towards paying for a rent and stuffs... add reminders towards acquiring a rent and also know when someone else got the rent if they have enabled 'watch' feature on a rent... the watch feature is to know if other corpers are intrested in the rent and if they've acquired it (by any means, either they came in to agreement with the landlord and stuffs like that)... yeaaaaaaaaaaaa, corpers can come together to pay rent by contributing money or alawi together ...make group chats possible... maybe find a way to integrate group chats with existing chatting apps... or not!!!!

during chat, you should be able to video chat and call... and get the co-ordinates of videos and pictures sent... for authenticity

there should not be any undefined.

make the whole post and accommodation chronologically arranged

always use https://github.com/tj/ejs/tree/0.8.3#features



http://www.inspireux.com/articles/
http://www.inspireux.com/2014/06/21/methods-to-achieve-user-delight/
Designers like to talk about achieving the ultimate goal of “user delight.” In fact, it’s one of our primary goals where I work at RelateIQ. It’s not enough to just provide information and functionality anymore. Successful product teams go one step further and aim to delight their users. But, what exactly does that mean? Below are some ways of thinking about user delight and what you can do to create more delightful experiences.


-Be Smart
Anticipate my needs and be one step ahead of me. It’s unexpectedly nice when a product knows what I’m trying to do before even I do.
Use technology wisely to do things automatically and intelligently. Don’t make me do a lot of manual work to get things done.
Prevent me from making errors. Don’t blame me for doing something incorrectly. Make resolving problems easy and friction-free.
Be smart and figure out what you need to know without making me give it to you. Don’t ask me to give you superfluous information about myself.
-Be Friendly and Helpful
Give your product a personality through humor and a friendly tone. I don’t want to be using another stale and boring product. Make me smile.
Speak to me like you would if you were talking to a friend. Humanize your product. Corporate and technical terms are frustrating to read.
Go above and beyond when I need to contact you for help. Don’t just give me automated responses. I want to feel like you care.
Find ways of turning negative experiences back into positive experiences. Things can and will go wrong, but leave me feeling positive about your organization by responding in a helpful way.
-Be Valuable
Make each step meaningful and purposeful. Don’t make me click through a bunch of extra steps that are just preventing me from getting things done.
Give me something valuable in return for using your product. This isn’t just a one way street. Reward me in unexpected ways.
Show me value immediately. Don’t make me sign up or go through a lengthy learning process before I can get anything beneficial out of your product.
-Be Engaging
Pay attention to the details. Don’t always go for the “easy” or expected approach when a little something extra could create a better experience. Focus on the little big details.
Use transitions and animations in a clever and useful way that supports the task I’m trying to complete or augments the information that I’m trying to consume. Static interfaces are boring, but using too many animations can also be annoying and distracting.
-Be Convenient and Accessible
Let me do what I’m trying to do on any device. Don’t punish me by hiding content just because I’m using a different type of device than you were expecting me to use.
Let me focus on the content and doing what I need to do. Don’t make me think about how to use your website or application. Stay out of my way.
Make your product work well with others. Don’t make me bounce between products just to get something done. Make moving between products seamless.
Focus on accessibility for all users. Don’t frustrate me by making your content difficult to consume if I have a physical impairment.
-Be Consistent
Make your product consistently snappy to load and use. I don’t want to have to wait around to get things done, and any delay will impact my experience.
Be consistent across the entire product ecosystem. Consistency builds trust, and trust breeds loyalty. Delight can’t be achieved if that trust is broken.
-Be Aligned Around Delight
You won’t be able to achieve user delight by cherry picking any of these principles. One isolated element of delight can easily be squashed by negative elements of the experience. In order to be successful, your entire organization has to be ruthlessly focused on achieving delightful user experiences. Be wary of the “oh, we can fix that later” mindset. It’s much harder to make up for a negative experience once it’s been introduced.

Get ideas and insights for achieving delight by watching and responding to your users’ aspirations and behaviors. Have your entire organization get involved in listening to the people who are using your product. You’ll quickly find out where your product has opportunities to improve. Think of your users as people, not just numbers completing transactions. Understanding the context around how someone interacts with your product can help you identify how to be delightful within that context.

Finally, find ways of measuring delight. Quantitatively, you can measure usage and engagement with a product through metrics. However, numbers don’t tell the whole story. Just because people are using a product doesn’t mean it is delightful. Create systems for qualitatively listening to your users and finding out whether your product is meaningful and emotionally impactful.

“I believe that logic + emotion are a winning combination. When useful and useable meet delight—great things happen. It’s about balance.” – David Armano